Made the example Masking HMI based on the intensity values of AIA (#6825)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6825.doc.rst

> Added an example (:ref:`masking_hmi.py`) of how to mask a HMI map based on the intensity of AIA image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an example (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_map_masking_hmi.py`) of how to mask a HMI map based on the intensity of AIA.
```
